---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Navigating Dual Roles as Researcher and
  Parent
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 9
  day: 14
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-09-10 16:00:37.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac, graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be
held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee
Listserv announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Balancing dual roles as scientist and parent can be challenging.
A new school year is fast approaching, and for many of us there has been
stress and uncertainty about how this school year will unfold and the
impacts it will bring.  Your research often demands time and attention
that can make it difficult to be available to your family in the way
that you want to be. The kids need help with online classes, your
partner is out of town, your experiments can't wait until tomorrow, or
you are facing a deadline on a submission. Everyday situations like
these can overwhelm us and make it difficult to stay focused on the
things that matter. This discussion will focus on navigating these dual
roles, and offer encouragement for staying focused in your research,
engaging in good self-care and being present when you are with
others.</span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE staff member,
Denise Saunders, PhD. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.</span>
