---
title: 'Summer Lecture Series II: The HPV Vaccine Story: Conception to Impact (July
  29, 2020)'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 7
  day: 29
start: 2:30 PM
end: 3:30 PM
audience:
- Summer Interns
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Science
updated_at: 2020-07-17 17:43:00.000000000 Z
---
<!--StartFragment-->

Second in the series of lectures specifically arranged for trainees
in the NIH Summer Internship Program.  
{: .MsoNormal}

#### Event Link: [https://nih.webex.com/nih/onstage/g.php?MTID=ec4f77f4acdf5896023b8c9f1fc9a3677][1]{: #attendeeURL}

####   
The HPV Vaccine Story: Conception to ImpactTitle: 

#### Biography:

Dr. Schiller received his bachelor's degree in Molecular Biology from
the University of Wisconsin, Madison in 1975, and his Masters and Ph.D.
degrees in Microbiology from the University of Washington, Seattle, in
1978, and 1982, respectively.  He is currently a NIH Distinguished
Investigator and Section Chief in the Laboratory of Cellular Oncology,
Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD.

In his 30 years at the NCI, Dr. Schiller has studied various aspects of
papillomavirus molecular biology, immunology and epidemiology.  The
laboratory headed by Dr. Schiller and Dr. Lowy led in the discovery,
characterization, and clinical testing of virus-like particle (VLP)
vaccines to prevent the HPV infections that cause cervical and other
cancers.  They have facilitated technology transfer to potential HPV
vaccine manufacturers in developing countries and provided leadership in
promoting global public health issues related to the implementation of
HPV vaccination.  They have received numerous awards for this work
including the 2014 National Medal of Technology and Innovation and the
2017 Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award.  Dr. Schiller's
current interests include basic studies of papillomavirus virion
assembly and infection and the development of 2<sup>nd</sup> generation
HPV vaccines, and vaccines and therapies for other infectious diseases
and cancers. 

<strong>NOTE: </strong>Dr. Schiller was elected to the National Academy
of Sciences in April 2020.

For more information about the speaker, please visit the
website: [https://irp.nih.gov/pi/john-schiller][2].

 

 



[1]: https://nih.webex.com/nih/onstage/g.php?MTID=ec4f77f4acdf5896023b8c9f1fc9a3677
[2]: https://irp.nih.gov/pi/john-schiller
