---
title: Postbac Discussion for Building Resilience - Testing & Application Stress
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 2
  day: 11
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-02-04 17:55:39.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">So many of our postbacs are currently worried about MCATs, GREs,
and other standardized tests that are gateways to their next steps.  For
some of us, no matter what strategies we try we are left feeling that we
are not good enough.  It is hard not to feel that our score defines us
as a person, even though we know we are so much more than our
performance on this one test.  While applying for graduate or
professional school, you will experience many ups and downs and expend
lots of time and energy.  Writing personal statements, practicing your
interviewing skills, and waiting to receive an answer are all stressful,
but not all stress is bad for you.  Positive stress can create
motivation and focus and may even feel exciting. Learning how to
leverage short-term positive stress can help us to focus, motivate us to
work harder, successfully navigate transitions, or complete a difficult
task.  Let\'s explore ways to utilize positive stress and to better cope
during your testing and application process.   </span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">The resiliency group provides a welcoming and confidential
space to explore positive and proactive methods to build resilience and
self-care skills.  Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness
Advisor, Annie Scheiner.  Even if you can't join us for the entire hour,
we encourage you to still attend.  We would rather you come late or
leave early, than not attend at all.   </span>
