---
title: 'BALTIMORE: Discussion for Building Resilience - Difficult Relationships &
  Interpersonal Conflict'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 1
  day: 13
start: 10:00 AM
end: 11:00 AM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-01-03 16:40:44.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Let's talk about navigating difficult relationships and
interpersonal conflicts. Conflict is inevitable.  We all experience
occasional conflicts within our professional and personal lives. Do you
need to open a challenging dialog with someone that sees things
differently than you in the lab? Or are you dreading a family discussion
about a difficult topic?  While most of these conflicts are easily
resolved, many are not. With the right approach and communication tools,
it is possible to turn a potentially stressful or uncivil conversation
into a more positive interaction.   This week we will talk about those
relationships and interpersonal conflicts that are both stressful to
navigate and difficult resolve.  </span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor,
Sabra Starnes. Building your resiliency and self-care skills now will
help you to successfully navigate through periods of growth, and will
serve you well throughout your academic and career path. The group
provides a confidential and welcoming environment with others having
similar experiences.  Even if you can't join us for the entire hour, we
encourage you to still attend.  We would rather you come late or leave
early, than not come at all. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;"> </span>

 

<!--  /* Font Definitions */  @font-face 	{font-family:"Cambria Math";
	panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0;
	mso-generic-font-family:roman; 	mso-font-pitch:variable;
	mso-font-signature:-536870145 1107305727 0 0 415 0;} @font-face
	{font-family:Calibri; 	panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;
	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-536859905 -1073732485 9 0
511 0;} @font-face 	{font-family:"Lucida Grande"; 	panose-1:2 11 6 0 4 5
2 2 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-520090897 1342218751 0 0
447 0;}  /* Style Definitions */  p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal,
div.MsoNormal 	{mso-style-unhide:no; 	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:""; 	margin:0in; 	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan; 	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} .MsoChpDefault
	{mso-style-type:export-only; 	mso-default-props:yes;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} @page WordSection1
	{size:8.5in 11.0in; 	margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in;
	mso-header-margin:.5in; 	mso-footer-margin:.5in; 	mso-paper-source:0;}
div.WordSection1 	{page:WordSection1;} -->
