---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Struggling to Get a Good Night’s Sleep
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 5
  day: 20
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-05-15 15:08:55.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This session is only for NIH Intramural Trainees.  This online
session will be held with Zoom.  The meeting link will be distributed
via the NIH Trainee Listservs. If you need the link immediately please
email maria.gutierrez2@nih.gov</span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Events of the past few weeks have seen significant impact on our
lives, our families and our communities. Daily news streams, challenges
in navigating telework, keeping kids entertained and engaged in
learning, social distancing and limited ability to get out of our homes
or finding creative ways to connect with friends and family have all
added to the stress we experience every day. All of these daytime events
can keep our minds busy even when we need our thinking to slow and our
brains to quiet for sleep at night. Changes in our routines and
schedules also impact how comfortable we are at night and well we can
rest when our bodies need to. Consider joining this discussion group to
help you focus on good sleep hygiene and altering patterns that may be
keeping you from a good night's sleep.  This session is open to trainees
of all levels.  </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor,
Denise Saunders. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.</span>
