---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Processing Loss & Transition
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 4
  day: 27
start: 1:00 PM
end: 2:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-04-23 19:23:44.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is for NIH Intramural Trainees only.  This session
will be held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH
Trainee Listserv announcements. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">We experience grief when we lose something or someone we care
about.  During this time of a worldwide pandemic, we are all in the
process of grieving, which is a natural emotional response to loss or a
significant life change.  You may be grieving your sense of safety and
routine, your connection with colleagues at the lab, lost or delayed
work opportunities, holidays or other rituals, and connections with
family and friends.  Perhaps you are also grieving for a friend or
family member you have lost to the virus or another illness.  The
process of grieving is uniquely individual and may include feelings such
as shock, anger, sadness, depression, and even guilt. Each person
experiences grief in a unique way and on their own timeline.  Let\'s
talk about processing grief and moving forward. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Jonah
Green. The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential space
to explore positive and proactive ways to build resilience and self-care
skills.</span>
