---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: June 16, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 6
  day: 16
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-06-04 21:59:12.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

<strong>Name: </strong>Lyra Morina

**Institute:** NIAID

<strong>Title: </strong>Lessons from humanized mice: Is Foxp3 a bona
fide marker of human regulatory T cells?

**Summary: **

Regulatory T cells (T<sub>regs</sub>), identified by the transcription
factor Foxp3, suppress effector T cells (T<sub>effs</sub>) and are
critical for homeostasis of the immune system. Identifying cell surface
markers that differentiate activated T<sub>regs</sub> from
T<sub>effs</sub> is critical for developing T cell therapies. A major
issue with the use of Foxp3 as a human T<sub>reg</sub> marker is that
Foxp3<sup>-</sup> T<sub>effs</sub> upregulate Foxp3 expression after *in
vitro* activation. To investigate whether this occurs <em>in vivo,
</em>we engrafted human PBMCs into NOD-scid-IL2Rg<sup>null </sup>(NSG)
mice and analyzed subsequent T cell activation by flow cytometry<em>.
</em>Based on this model, Foxp3 seems to be a bona fide T<sub>reg</sub>
marker as *in vivo* activation did not lead to Foxp3 upregulation in
T<sub>effs</sub>.

**Bio: **

Lyra graduated from the University of Maryland College Park in 2019 with
a double degree in Cell Biology &amp; Molecular Genetics and Economics.
Her previous research includes plant DNA barcoding, human ribosomal
frameshifting, and autophagy. She completed her thesis in Dr. Megan
Fritz's lab, studying a mating incompatibility in <em>Culex pipiens
</em>mosquitoes induced by the bacterium <em>Wolbachia. </em>Currently,
she studies human T<sub>reg</sub> activation in humanized mice with Dr.
Ethan Shevach and Dr. Maja Buszko. She is applying to MD/PhD programs
with an interest in cancer immunotherapies. 

 

**Name**: Jonah Pearl

<strong>Institute: </strong>NIMH

**Title**: Are visual categories represented in visual cortex?

**Summary**: Humans and other primates use visual information to learn
about our environments. We effortlessly categorize objects based on
visual similarity. Perception of object identity relies on a series of
inter-connected brain areas termed the 'ventral visual stream'. It
remains unclear whether object category is processed in parallel with
object identity. To address this gap, we recorded from the stream's end
(area TE) in two rhesus macaques, before and after they learned visual
categories (cats and dogs). After learning, more neurons displayed
category selectivity, contributing to a broadening in the
population-level tuning. However, average preference for object identity
was unaltered. This suggests the end region of the ventral visual stream
may learn to represent categories in a distributed fashion, while
leaving representations of object identity unchanged.

**Bio**: Jonah received his B.S. in Molecular Biophysics and
Biochemistry from Yale University in 2018. Soon after, he joined the
Section on Neural Coding and Computation, led by Dr. Barry Richmond,
part of the Lab of Neuropsychology at NIMH. In August, he'll head to
Harvard to begin a PhD in neuroscience. In typical circumstances, Jonah
would have just finished his second season of singing with the
Washington Master Chorale. Instead, he's been singing with himself using
the Acapella app, and perfecting his bagel-making technique.

 

<strong>Name: </strong>Sydney Shuster

<strong>Institute: </strong>NHLBI

<strong>Title: </strong>Fibrillar Intermediate of TDP-43 C-terminal
Domain Aggregation Revealed by Tryptophan Fluorescence

<strong>Summary: </strong>Aggregated C-terminal domain of TDP-43
(TDP-43<sub>CTD</sub>) is found in patients suffering from Amyotrophic
Lateral Sclerosis (ALS). To elucidate the aggregation process of
TDP-43<sub>CTD</sub>, tryptophan residues were used as conformational
probes. Upon aggregation, TDP-43<sub>CTD</sub> forms β-sheet-rich
filamentous aggregates (fibrils) which induces a dramatic change in
tryptophan fluorescence. To provide site-specific information,
single-tryptophan containing mutants for each of the three native
tryptophan residues (W334, W385, and W412) were prepared. Remarkably,
multi-step aggregation kinetics were revealed by W334, suggesting the
formation of an intermediate, where that residue adopts a conformation
distinct from the others. Using transmission electron microscopy,
filaments (~5 nm) much thinner than the mature fibrils (~9 nm) were
visualized. We propose that TDP-43<sub>CTD</sub> aggregates *via* a
hierarchical mechanism where thin filaments are first formed and then
assemble into thicker fibrils.

**Bio:** Sydney graduated from Middlebury College with high honors in
Chemistry.  She completed her thesis in the lab of Dr. Sunhee Choi,
exploring glycation of amyloid-β as a possible mechanism of toxicity in
Alzheimer's disease. Currently, Sydney is working with Dr. Jennifer Lee
in the Laboratory of Protein Conformation and Dynamics, which aims to
understand the molecular mechanisms of amyloid formation, a process
implicated in numerous neurodegenerative diseases.

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
