---
title: Academic Journeys and Building Networks
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 3
  day: 10
start: 12:00 PM
end: 1:00 PM
audience:
- Graduate Students
topic:
- Teaching/Mentoring
- Networking Opportunities
- Academic Careers
updated_at: 2020-03-03 19:14:38.000000000 Z
---
Are you early in your research career and wondering how to maximize your
overall research training?

Are you wondering what it takes to pursue an academic career and how to
prepare for the academic journey?  Are you looking to build a network of
mentors beyond your thesis committee to provide guidance and support? 
If you answered yes to any of these questions, the "Academic Journeys
and Building Networks" event may be a terrific opportunity for you to
discuss with and learn from two outstanding principal investigators.

The next " Academic Journeys and Building Networks" event will be held
on **Tuesday, March 10 from 12-1pm** in the OITE Conference Room
(Building 2, Room 2W15), featuring Dr. Jagan R. Muppidi (NCI) and Dr.
Katrin D. Mayer-Barber (NIAID). This event provides graduate students
like yourself the opportunity to discuss strategies to develop, as well
as improve, academic mentoring relationships beyond your thesis
committee. This event also provides graduate students the opportunity to
discuss with both Dr. Muppidi and Dr. Mayer-Barber on what makes for a
successful graduate training experience, and to learn about how their
specific training experiences prepared them for an academic career. This
event is styled as a discussion group that allows graduate students to
ask questions and learn in an informal, relaxed setting.

We welcome all graduate students (first-time and returning) to attend
this event. Please contact Indira Rao at Indira.Rao@nih.gov with any
questions.

##   
 About the speakers:

 

**Dr. Jagan R. Muppidi** is an Earl Stadtman Investigator in the
Lymphoid Malignancies Branch, NCI. Dr. Muppidi received his
undergraduate, M.D. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Kansas. He
performed his graduate research in the lab of Dr. Richard Siegel in
NIAMS. Following medical school, he did residency in Internal Medicine
at Weill Cornell Medical Center and then pursued fellowship training in
medical oncology at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF).
While at UCSF, he did his postdoctoral training in the laboratory of Dr.
Jason Cyster. He is interested in understanding the intersection of the
immune response and generation of malignancies derived from B cells. The
goal of his research is to define how genetic changes found in B cell
lymphomas contribute to altered B cell behavior within the
microenvironment and the subsequent development of malignancy.

 

**Dr. Katrin D. Mayer-Barber** is the Chief of the Inflammation and
Innate Immunity Unit at NIAID.  In 2003 she came to the United States
for her Ph.D. thesis work in the laboratory of Dr. Markus Mohrs at the
Trudeau Institute in Saranac Lake, New York. She obtained her doctoral
degree in 2006 from the University of Würzburg, Germany. She joined
NIAID in 2007 as a postdoctoral fellow in the Laboratory of Parasitic
Diseases with Dr. Alan Sher. In 2015, Dr. Mayer-Barber was awarded the
Earl Stadtman Tenure-Track Investigator position in the NIAID Laboratory
of Clinical Infectious Diseases. The Inflammation and Innate Immunity
Unit (IIIU) investigates the function and regulation of inflammatory
cytokines and lipid mediators during pulmonary infections, the
immunological mechanisms of host protective versus host detrimental
inflammation, and the translation of basic observations into
host-directed immunotherapies.

 
