---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Assertiveness, Self-confidence, & Imposter
  Fears
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 5
  day: 4
start: 11:00 AM
end: 12:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-04-29 01:28:28.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This session will be held online with Zoom.  The meeting link
will be distributed via the NIH Trainee Listservs.</span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Sometimes asking for what we need in an assertive and confident
manner can be difficult, especially if we are also experiencing negative
thoughts about our accomplishments and capabilities.  At times, our
inner voice causes many of us to feel less confident and knowledgeable
than we really are - - so we feel like an imposter.  If you ever feel
like you have a great suggestion for improving efficiency in your lab
but lack the confidence to bring it to the attention of your PI;  or
when you need additional resources for your experiments or time off for
an important family activity but don\'t know how to ask, this session
will help you to explore strategies for facing and minimizing negative
thoughts, identifying positive qualities, and communicating your needs
in a more assertive and confident manner.</span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Sabra
Starnes. The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential
space to explore positive and proactive ways to build resilience and
self-care skills.</span>
