---
title: 'NIH SACNAS (Society for the Advancement of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans
  in Science) Chapter Virtual Lunch : Training Opportunities at the NIH'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 7
  day: 16
start: 12:00 PM
end: 1:00 PM
audience:
- Summer Interns
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Networking Opportunities
updated_at: 2020-07-16 01:20:26.000000000 Z
---
The NIH-SACNAS Chapter (Society for the Advancement of
Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans in Science) would like to invite
you to their weekly virtual lunch on Thursdays. 

During this virtual lunch will be joined by Dr. Natasha Lugo-Escobar,
Director, High School Scientific Training &amp; Enrichment Program
(HiSTEP 2.0) of the Office of Intramural Training and Education (OITE)
who will discuss training opportunities at the NIH for students
interested in learning more about our research training programs such as
the NIH Postbaccalaureate program, the Graduate Partnership Program
(GPP), Undergraduate Scholarship Program (UGSP) and other resources.
Please join us and bring all your questions. 

Everyone is welcome! 

This will be online only. Registrants will receive meeting information
prior to the event.

For any questions, please contact Dr. Elena Hernandez-Ramon
at [elena.hernandez-ramon@nih.gov](mailto:elena.hernandez-ramon@nih.gov).

<span style="font-size: 8pt;">Who are we?: We are a professional SACNAS
chapter that provides a supportive and welcoming environment for
Hispanics/Chicanos and Native Americans trainees and staff at the NIH to
get together, exchange ideas, network, share successes, and strategize
about future goals. Our chapter holds monthly meetings focus on
scientific communication, networking, outreach, and career development
to provide our members with resources and tools to improve and
advance their careers. We are part of the National SACNAS organization
(Society for the Advancement of Hispanics/Chicanos and Native Americans
in Science). We welcome everyone to be part of our events.  If you are
interested in joining the chapter, please sign-up to our list-serv
(NIH-SACNAS). </span>

 

 

 
