---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Difficult Relationships & Interpersonal
  Conflict
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 9
  day: 30
start: 11:00 AM
end: 12:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-09-24 15:30:55.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac, graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be
held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee
Listserv announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Let's talk about navigating difficult relationships and
interpersonal conflicts. Conflict is inevitable.  We all experience
occasional conflicts within our professional and personal lives. Do you
need to open a challenging dialog with someone that sees things
differently than you? Or are you dreading a family discussion about a
difficult topic?  While most of these conflicts are easily resolved,
many are not. With the right approach and communication tools, it is
possible to turn a potentially stressful or uncivil conversation into a
more positive interaction.   This week we will talk about those
relationships and interpersonal conflicts that are both stressful to
navigate and difficult resolve.  </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for an online discussion with OITE Wellness
Advisor, Liann Seiter.   Building your resiliency and self-care skills
now will help you to successfully navigate through periods of growth,
and will serve you well throughout your academic and career path. The
discussion group provides a confidential and welcoming environment with
other trainees having similar experiences. Even if you can't join us for
the entire hour, we encourage you to still attend. </span> 

 

<!--  /* Font Definitions */  @font-face 	{font-family:"Cambria Math";
	panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0;
	mso-generic-font-family:roman; 	mso-font-pitch:variable;
	mso-font-signature:-536870145 1107305727 0 0 415 0;} @font-face
	{font-family:Calibri; 	panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;
	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-536859905 -1073732485 9 0
511 0;} @font-face 	{font-family:"Lucida Grande"; 	panose-1:2 11 6 0 4 5
2 2 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-520090897 1342218751 0 0
447 0;}  /* Style Definitions */  p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal,
div.MsoNormal 	{mso-style-unhide:no; 	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:""; 	margin:0in; 	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan; 	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} .MsoChpDefault
	{mso-style-type:export-only; 	mso-default-props:yes;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} @page WordSection1
	{size:8.5in 11.0in; 	margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in;
	mso-header-margin:.5in; 	mso-footer-margin:.5in; 	mso-paper-source:0;}
div.WordSection1 	{page:WordSection1;} -->
