---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Job Search & Life Stress for International
  Trainees
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 6
  day: 11
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-06-05 15:18:36.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac, graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be
held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee
Listserv announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">International and multicultural trainees are a great asset to our
research.  We also realize that our international fellows face a unique
set of issues and stresses. Searching for a job can be extremely
stressful in the best of circumstances.  Watching world events unfold
and facing the uncertainty of what the future will hold can be
scary. Particularly now, being far from family and home, lacking a local
community, and learning a new culture can be difficult and lonely. You
are not alone in dealing with these issues, other NIH international
fellows are having the same experiences. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor,
Emilie Gomart. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.</span>
