---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: May 14, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 5
  day: 14
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-05-05 23:57:14.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

<strong>Name: </strong>Alina Quach (NIMH)

<strong>Title: </strong>Temporal distance modulates hippocampal and
parietal activity during overt autobiographical memory retrieval

<strong>Summary: </strong>Autobiographical memory retrieval allows for
the vivid reliving of past experiences, although memories often become
less detailed over time. The loss of detail makes the study of
autobiographical recall difficult with fMRI because memory age and
detail are confounded. This is especially problematic because fMRI
studies typically rely on covert (silent) retrieval, which obscures the
content of recalled memories. Here, participants overtly verbalized
recent and remote memories during fMRI. Memory descriptions were scored
for content, thereby allowing us to examine how brain activity and
connectivity changes with memory age, while accounting for memory
content. Activity within parietal regions and posterior hippocampus
increased with memory recency. Parietal regions showing univariate
effects of temporal distance also exhibited changed their functional
connectivity as memories became more remote. Results therefore suggest
that memories are retrieved differently as they age.

<strong>Bio: </strong>Alina graduated from the University of Pittsburgh
in 2018 with a BS in Psychology. There, she worked under Dr. Beatriz
Luna and completed her thesis on the development of inhibitory control
in youth at risk for substance use. Currently, she works in the
Laboratory of Brain and Cognition with Dr. Alex Martin to study the
neural correlates of autobiographical memory.

 

<strong>Name: </strong>Rachel Weinstein (NHGRI)

<strong>Title: </strong>Loss of function of Zrsr2 leads to hematopoietic
defects in zebrafish

<strong>Summary: </strong>ZRSR2 is an integral component of the minor
spliceosome, which primarily targets U12 type introns. <em>ZRSR2 </em>is
mutated in hematopoietic malignancies, notably myelodysplastic syndrome
(MDS) and acute myeloid leukemia (AML). However, its exact role in
hematopoiesis remains unclear, and there have been no reported animal
models to understand its function. We used CRISPR/Cas9 to generate a
zebrafish *zrsr2* knockout model and evaluated the phenotype of mutant
fish. We determined that the *zrsr2* knockout zebrafish showed numerous
morphological abnormalities, defective definitive hematopoiesis and died
by 8dpf. We are currently evaluating alternative splicing in this model
using RNASeq. Overall, our model demonstrates the importance of splicing
regulation by Zrsr2 in hematopoietic development.

<strong>Bio: </strong>Rachel Weinstein graduated from the University of
Miami in 2018 with a B.S. in Marine Science and Biology. She worked in
the Marine Genomics lab with Dr. Douglas Crawford and studied genetic
and environmental factors impacting oxidative phosphorylation in
killifish and human cell lines. After graduating, she joined the NHGRI
Zebrafish Core, directed by Dr. Raman Sood. Her research now focuses on
the role of *zrsr2* in zebrafish development.

** **

<strong>Name: </strong>Elena Bagatelas (NINDS)

<strong>Title: </strong>GluN2B mutations differentially regulate the
trafficking of NMDARs at the synapse

<strong>Summary: </strong>NMDARs (*N*-methyl-*D*-aspartate receptors)
are ionotropic glutamate receptors that play crucial roles in mechanisms
of synaptic plasticity, memory and in neuronal development. Our study
focuses on the GluN2B subunit, which is included in all endogenous
NMDARs early in development. We know that synaptic targeting of
GluN2B-containing NMDARs is precisely regulated by protein interactions
and phosphorylation. Phosphorylation of the PDZ binding domain of GluN2B
decreases NMDAR surface expression, whereas phosphorylation of a nearby
tyrosine residue increases surface expression. Previous studies from our
lab have shown that a phosphomimetic mutant, S1480E, results in
significantly decreased surface expression; whereas a phosphodeficient
mutant, E1479Q, results in significantly increased surface expression.
Furthermore, dynamic phosphorylation of GluN2B S1480 is observed during
development, consistent with a role in the switch from GluN2B to GluN2A
NMDARs seen in development. We have generated knock-in (KI) mouse models
with these mutations to characterize the effects on neuronal development
and to address the functional consequences on proper brain development.

<strong>Bio: </strong>Elena joined the NIH in 2018 after graduating from
the University of Tennessee with a major in Neuroscience. Her research
background started in Dr. Cooper's lab at UT where she studied the
circuitry associated with defeat-induced activity in hamsters. She also
worked in Dr. Kornfeld's at WashUwhere she studied the reproductive
trade-off between age and use mechanisms in *Caenorhabditis* worm
species. In the NINDS, she works under Dr. Katherine Roche studying
characteristics of NMDA receptor mutations along the GluN2B subunit. She
will begin her PhD this fall at Vanderbilt University where she hopes to
continue studying neurodevelopment.

** **



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
