---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Anxiety and Depression
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 5
  day: 18
start: 11:00 AM
end: 12:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-05-15 14:47:29.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This session is only for NIH Intramural Trainees.  This online
session will be held with Zoom.  The meeting link will be distributed
via the NIH Trainee Listservs. If you need the link immediately please
email maria.gutierrez2@nih.gov</span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">We all experience anxiety during stressful events and sometimes
the causes and the symptoms of anxiety are a bit more difficult to
pinpoint.  Anxiety may cause feelings of inner turmoil and worry that
may manifest into physical symptoms, interfere with functioning, and
have other impacts including, sometimes depression. Alternatively,
depression may also lead to increased anxiety and ultimately to feeling
so overwhelmed that it gets in the way of being able to
function. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for an online discussion with OITE Wellness
Advisor, Sabra Starnes.  The discussion group provides a confidential
and welcoming space to explore positive and proactive methods to build
resilience and self-care skills with other trainees having similar
experiences.  Even if you can\'t join us for the entire hour, we
encourage you to still attend.  </span>

 

 
