---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Assertiveness, Self-confidence, & Imposter
  Fears
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 7
  day: 14
start: 1:45 PM
end: 2:45 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-07-08 20:58:59.000000000 Z
---
This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our postbac,
graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be held
online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee Listserv
announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. 

Sometimes asking for what we need in an assertive and confident manner
can be difficult, especially if we are also experiencing negative
thoughts about our accomplishments and capabilities.  At times, our
inner voice causes many of us to feel less confident and knowledgeable
than we really are - - so we feel like an imposter.  If you ever feel
like you have a great suggestion for improving efficiency in your lab
but lack the confidence to bring it to the attention of your PI;  or
when you need additional resources for your experiments or time off for
an important family activity but don\'t know how to ask, this session
will help you to explore strategies for facing and minimizing negative
thoughts, identifying positive qualities, and communicating your needs
in a more assertive and confident manner.

Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisors, Annie
Scheiner and Fabian Drain. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.
