---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: February 11, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 2
  day: 11
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-02-05 18:54:33.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

**Name:** Sudarshan Krishnamurthy

**IC:** NIA

**Research Title:** WRN deficiency exacerbates features of insulin
resistance

<strong>Research Summary: </strong>Werner syndrome (WS) is a rare
disorder characterized by rapid premature aging and increased risk of
cancer, heart disease and other age-related diseases. This disorder is
caused by mutations in the WRN gene, which encodes the protein product
involved in DNA repair and maintenance. WS patients exhibit insulin
resistance and are at increased risk for Type II diabetes. We
hypothesize that WRN deficiency leads to dysregulated insulin signaling
and demonstrate that this occurs via mitochondrial dysfunction,
increased mitochondrial-ER interactions and increased sensitivity to
high glucose conditions. Our findings indicate that reversal of the
dysregulated metabolism possesses therapeutic potential in diabetic WS
patients.

<strong>Bio: </strong>Sud grew up in Bangalore, India and attended the
University of South Florida - Tampa and majored in Biomedical Sciences,
where he studied the mechanisms underlying lung injury and fibrosis. His
current research at NIA examines the molecular mechanisms that link
Werner Syndrome, a rare premature aging disorder, and insulin-resistant
(Type II) diabetes. He will be attending medical school in Fall 2020.

** **

**Name:** Allysa Warling

**IC:** NIMH

**Research Title:** Sex chromosome aneuploidy alters the relationship
between neuroanatomy and cognition

**Research Summary:** Sex chromosome aneuploidy (i.e., carriage of
abnormal numbers of X or Y chromosomes; SCA) is associated with
cognitive deficits, as well as changes in cortical thickness (CT) and
surface area (SA). Structural MRI (sMRI) studies have found positive
relationships between regional SA and CT and cognition in health, but
these relationships are not well-characterized in SCA. Here, we examined
how interindividual variability in CT and SA (calculated from sMRI
scans) related to interindividual variability in general cognitive
ability (measured by Weschler tests of full-scale IQ) in healthy
controls (n = 164) and SCA patients (n = 124). Results indicated 10
cortical regions where SCA status had a significant effect on CT-FSIQ or
SA-FSIQ relationships, suggesting SCA alters neuroanatomy-cognition
relationships that are present in health. These results i) provide
insight into the neurobiological correlates of cognitive changes in SCA,
and ii) suggest conditions like SCA may serve as models for
understanding the genetic and structural basis of cognitive functioning
more generally.

**Bio:** Allysa graduated from Colorado College in 2019 with a B.A. in
neuroscience, where she studied cellular correlates of repetitive
traumatic brain injury. She joined the Developmental Neurogenomics Unit,
led by Dr. Armin Raznahan, in June 2019, and is excited to share results
from that work today.

** **

**Name:** Lauren Milley

**IC:** NIDDK

**Research Title:** Effect of low fat vs low carbohydrate diets on
energy metabolism: background and preliminary data

**Research Summary:** I will present preliminary data on our current
protocol "The Effect of Low Fat vs Low Carbohydrate Diets on Energy
Metabolism." The primary aim of the study is to determine the difference
in ab libitum energy intake between a low-fat high carbohydrate, vegan
diet, and high fat, low carb ketogenic diet. Healthy volunteers spend
four consecutive weeks inpatient, eating the Low Fat High Carb diet
(LCHF) for two weeks and the Low Carb High Fat (LFHC) for two weeks, the
order of which is randomized. Over the course of their stay, patients
are also monitored for differences in body composition, liver fat,
resting metabolic rate, glucose tolerance, inflammatory markers, etc.

**Bio:** Lauren graduated from Vanderbilt University in 2017 with a B.A.
in Economics, German, and Political Science. She completed a
post-baccalaureate pre-med program at the University of Pittsburgh in
2019 before joining Dr. Kevin Hall's lab at the NIDDK. Her current
research is focused on clinical obesity and feeding studies. She plans
to apply to medical school in 2020.

 

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
