---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Dealing with Application and Interview
  Stress
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 10
  day: 2
start: 1:00 PM
end: 2:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Personal Development
updated_at: 2020-09-24 16:09:17.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac program.  This session will be held online via Zoom and the link
will be distributed in NIH Trainee Listserv announcements. If you need
the link immediately please email OITE@nih.gov. </span>  
  
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">While applying and interviewing for graduate or professional
school you will experience many ups and downs and expend lots of time
and energy.  Writing personal statements, practicing your interviewing
skills, and waiting to receive an answer are all stressful, but not all
stress is bad for you. Positive stress can create motivation and focus
and may even feel exciting.  Learning how to leverage short-term
positive stress can help us to focus, motivate us to work harder,
successfully navigate transitions, or complete a difficult task.   Let's
explore ways to utilize positive stress and to better cope with negative
stress during your application and interview process. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Erin
Gates The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential space
to explore positive and proactive ways to build resilience and self-care
skills.  Building your resiliency and self-care skills now will help you
to successfully navigate through these periods of growth, and will serve
you well throughout your academic and career path.  </span>

 

 

 
