---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: September 29, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 9
  day: 29
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-09-22 23:00:09.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

**ONLINE MEETING INFORMATION:**

The meeting information will be shared by email. If you have questions,
please contact <span style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida
Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;
font-size: 11.0104px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures:
normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing:
normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform:
none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px;
-webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: #ffffff;
text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; display:
inline !important; float: none;">Ryan Bertoli</span>
&lt;[ryan.bertoli@nih.gov](mailto:ryan.bertoli@nih.gov)&gt; and <span
style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans
Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif; font-size: 11.0104px;
font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps:
normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2;
text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space:
normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;
background-color: #ffffff; text-decoration-style: initial;
text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float:
none;">Madaleine Niznikiewicz</span>
&lt;[madaleine.niznikiewicz@nih.gov](mailto:madaleine.niznikiewicz@nih.gov)&gt;.

 

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

**Arati Rajeevan (NCI)**

Title: Exploring the Developmental Origins of Cancer

Summary:  While the current state of knowledge surrounding cancer origin
and tumorigenesis revolve around somatic mutation theory and cancer stem
cells, there is still a gap in our understanding of the actual mechanism
of cancer progression. My project is centered around elucidating the
developmental pathways that are dormant in ​adult tissues but are
re-activated in cancer. I will present ​results from our analysis
of enha​ncers and genes, across multiple cancer types and tissues,
that ​are down-regulated during development but up-regulated in cancer
(and vice versa).  We hypothesize that is it these pathways, which have
a foundation in development, that are likely to drive cancer
progression.

Bio: Arati graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 2019 with a B.S.
in Biological Sciences and an option in Cell Biology. After graduating,
she started her NIH Postbac in Dr. Sridhar Hannenhalli's lab in the
Cancer Data Science Laboratory. In Dr. Hannenhalli's lab, she has
learned how to use computational tools to analyze sequencing data, and
has applied these methods to better understand the role that regulatory
sequences in the genome play in cancer.

 

**Angela R. Corrigan (NIAID/VRC)**

Title: Improving Vaccine Outcomes by Reducing Antibody Responses to the
HIV-1 Envelope Trimer Base

Summary:  A major hurdle to an effective HIV vaccine is the inability of
eliciting prevalent immune responses targeting vulnerable conserved
epitopes on the trimeric HIV-1 Envelope glycoprotein (Env), which is
masked by dense glycosylation. Soluble 'SOSIP'-stabilized envelope (Env)
trimers are promising HIV-vaccine immunogens. However, they induce high
antibody responses against the glycan-free trimer base, which is
occluded on native virions. To test the impact of prime immunogens on
base responses, we quantified the prevalence of trimer-base antibody
responses in 49 non-human primates immunized with various
SOSIP-stabilized Env trimers and fusion peptide (FP)-carrier conjugates.
Our data provide multiple methods to analyze and quantify trimer-base
responses and reveal that FP-conjugate priming, either alone or in a
cocktail with a SOSIP-stabilized Env trimer, can reduce the trimer-base
response and improve the vaccine outcome.

Bio: Angela graduated from the University of Central Florida with a B.S.
in Biomedical Sciences and a minor in French in 2018. While in college,
she characterized the nanoscale mechanical and chemical properties of
plant cell wall and plant-derived thin films using Atomic Force
Microscopy-based techniques. At the Vaccine Research Center, Angela's
research is focused on monitoring immune responses of prospective HIV-1
vaccine regimens in animal studies, including plasma and B cell analysis
in mice, guinea pigs and non-human primates. Angela is also involved in
the design and antigenicity testing of novel HIV-1 and SARS-CoV-2
immunogens.

 

**Allen Seylani (NHLBI)**

Title:     Emerging Role of GCN5L1, A Novel Regulator of Lysosomal
Biogenesis

Summary: GC5L1 is a newly discovered gene with homology to the nuclear
acetyltransferase GCN5. Our new findings suggest that GCN5L1
participates in a variety of cellular mechanisms that may provide
answers to some of human's most complicated diseases such as storage
diseases, mitochondrial and metabolic diseases as well as organ
cross-talk via exosomes.

Bio: Allen studies chronic rare inflammatory diseases of the
cardiovascular system and the liver within the context of mitochondria
and metabolism with the translational application. Previously he studied
human physiology and biochemistry and obtained his B.S., class of 2019
at California State University, San Marcos. He worked in the virology
and infectious diseases lab. Later he utilized his business and science
training and established Geo-Med Alliance, a non-profit organization
focused on climate change and infectious diseases spread prevention.

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
