---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - International Trainees
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 12
  day: 3
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-11-18 01:38:36.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac, graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be
held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee
Listserv announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">International trainees face a unique set of challenges. Whether
it is the distance from family and home, learning a new culture, visa
stress, or discovering a new sense of community, these challenges can
cause fellows to feel overwhelmed, anxious or lonely. This supportive
space is meant to remind trainees that they are not alone in dealing
with these issues and that there
are other trainees having similar experiences.  Additionally, the
group offers space to dialogue around coping tools and learn from each
other. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor,
Emilie Gomart. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.</span>
