---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - New Place, New Job, New Stress
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 9
  day: 15
start: 1:45 PM
end: 2:45 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-09-10 16:01:53.000000000 Z
---
<div markdown="1">
This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our postbac,
graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be held
online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee Listserv
announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. 

Starting a new position in the best of times can be both exciting and
stressful. Our current situation has added complexities and stressors to
our work that we didn\'t have to consider in the past. While you are
just settling in and learning about your new roles and responsibilities,
routines are being changed and procedures are being rewritten. In the
past you may have gotten to know your lab mates over a cup of coffee,
now you are getting to know them over Zoom or from safe social
distances. You may have also relocated to work at NIH. Being far from
home, family and friends, and lacking a local community can be difficult
and lonely during the pandemic and while social distancing.  You are not
alone in dealing with these issues. Join us to connect with other NIH
fellows that are having similar experiences. 

Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Annie
Scheiner.  The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential
space to explore positive and proactive methods to build resilience and
self-care skills. Even if you can't join us for the entire hour, we
encourage you to still attend.  

 

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">    </span>
</div>

 

 

 

 
