---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Coping with the Continuation of the Pandemic
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 7
  day: 13
start: 1:00 PM
end: 2:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-07-10 18:49:26.000000000 Z
---
This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our postbac,
graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be held
online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee Listserv
announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. 

The emergence of Covid-19 has brought so many unwelcome disruptions to
our lives: lab shutdowns, business and building closures, isolation from
colleagues, separation from friends and family, as well as the specter
of illness and death. Sometimes it may feel like it will never end. A
wide array of unsettling feelings, including stress, fear, loneliness,
boredom, grief, sadness and confusion have accompanied these
changes. Many of us have developed new routines and ways of coping that
have helped them through. As the pandemic continues, we have had to
manage anxiety and uncertainty about its course. Many professional,
academic, and personal plans remain in limbo. This discussion will focus
on how we can cope with negative feelings, set realistic goals and find
solace and support in this time of continued stress.

Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Jonah
Green.  The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential space
to explore positive and proactive ways to build resilience and self-care
skills. Even if you can\'t join us for the entire hour, we encourage you
to still attend. 

 

 

 
