---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Tackling Difficult Conversations Effectively
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 11
  day: 17
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-11-13 23:01:54.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac, graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be
held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee
Listserv announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Let's talk about navigating difficult relationships and holding
difficult conversations.  We all experience occasional conflicts or
issues within our professional and personal lives and need to resolve
them. Do you need to open a challenging dialog with someone that sees
things differently than you, but you aren\'t sure where to start?  Maybe
you need to talk to your PI or mentors about careers, projects, papers,
and personal needs.  Or are you dreading a family discussion about a
difficult topic? With the right approach and communication tools, it is
possible to turn a potentially stressful or uncivil conversation into a
more positive interaction. This week we will talk about relationships
and interpersonal conflicts that are both stressful to navigate and
difficult resolve.  </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for an online discussion with OITE Wellness
Advisor, Annie Scheiner.   Building your resiliency and self-care skills
now will help you to successfully navigate through periods of growth,
and will serve you well throughout your academic and career path. The
discussion group provides a confidential and welcoming environment with
other trainees having similar experiences. Even if you can't join us for
the entire hour, we encourage you to still attend. </span> 

 

<!--  /* Font Definitions */  @font-face 	{font-family:"Cambria Math";
	panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0;
	mso-generic-font-family:roman; 	mso-font-pitch:variable;
	mso-font-signature:-536870145 1107305727 0 0 415 0;} @font-face
	{font-family:Calibri; 	panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;
	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-536859905 -1073732485 9 0
511 0;} @font-face 	{font-family:"Lucida Grande"; 	panose-1:2 11 6 0 4 5
2 2 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-520090897 1342218751 0 0
447 0;}  /* Style Definitions */  p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal,
div.MsoNormal 	{mso-style-unhide:no; 	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:""; 	margin:0in; 	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan; 	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} .MsoChpDefault
	{mso-style-type:export-only; 	mso-default-props:yes;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} @page WordSection1
	{size:8.5in 11.0in; 	margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in;
	mso-header-margin:.5in; 	mso-footer-margin:.5in; 	mso-paper-source:0;}
div.WordSection1 	{page:WordSection1;} -->
