---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: January 16, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 1
  day: 16
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-01-09 23:00:44.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for three Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

**Name:** William Zhu (NINDS)

**Research Title:** Detecting monogenetic causes of early-onset
Parkinson's Disease in the <em>PRKN </em>gene

<strong>Research Summary: </strong>Parkinson's disease (PD) is a
progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by the death of
dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra along with motor symptoms
such as resting tremors and cogwheel rigidity. While most PD cases are
sporadic, the monogenetic causes of PD are extremely varied ranging from
several different genes and over a hundred known pathogenic mutations in
genes such as Parkin or Pink1. Mutations are diverse and can be SNPs,
indels or even large deletions or duplications. As a result, genetic
screens have a difficult time detecting a monogenetic source of PD.
Using a combination of clinical and microarray data with whole-genome
sequencing to validate, we hope to both better understand the PD-causing
rare variants and develop cheaper and quicker means to screen for
pathogenic mutants**.**

<strong>Bio: </strong>William graduated from Georgetown University in
2019 with a B.S. in Neurobiology. During undergrad, he developed a
research background in Alzheimer's disease working with Dr. Daniel Pak
there to study the phosphorylation of tau under conditions of
hyperexcitation in primary hippocampal cultures. William joined the
Neurogenetics branch under Dr. Derek Narendra in June 2019, where he
assists with the processing of clinical samples from the NIHPD clinic
and works on projects involving PD genetics and its associations.

  

**Name:** Richard Chen (NCI)

**Research Title:** Chromosome condensation is mediated by core
transcriptional machinery

**Research Summary:** As a cell approaches mitosis the two meter long
genome undergoes a fast-paced and dramatic structural rearrangement,
from diffuse interphase chromatin to dense micrometer scale chromosomes,
ensuring accurate inheritance. To do so, the Condensin I and II
proteins, which evolutionarily precede histones, condenses interphase
chromatin by extruding chromatin loops that ultimately form a
chromosome. However, how Condensin II interfaces with nucleosomes and is
loaded into a position to extrude chromatin loops is poorly understood.
In this project, we identify a transcription factor as necessary for
Condensin II localization to chromatin and investigate how this
transcription factor's traditional function may facilitate proper and
timely Condensin II loading onto chromosomes.

**Bio:** Richard graduated from UNC-Chapel Hill in 2019 with a double
major in Biology and Chemistry. There, he worked in the lab of Dr. Paul
Maddox studying how cell cycle regulators position the centrosomes
through the regulation of distinct pools of Dynein and in the lab of Dr.
Amy Gladfelter studying the chemical kinetics of Septin filament binding
to reconstituted lipid membranes. Currently, he works in the lab of Dr.
Alex Kelly studying Chromosome Condensation in Xenopus Egg Extracts.

 

**Name:** Andrew Smith (NICHD)

**Research Title:** Exploration of dysphagia as a potential outcome
measure for Niemann-Pick Disease, type C

**Research Summary:** Niemann-Pick Disease, type C (NPC) is an autosomal
recessive neurovisceral disorder resulting from a defect in cholesterol
homeostasis and trafficking. Childhood neurodegeneration and death in
adolescence and early adulthood are common clinical features of this
disease. Epidemiological studies have identified dysphagia as an
important risk factor for mortality in NPC due to its high prevalence
(55-80%) and association with aspiration pneumonia. Although reported,
swallowing dysfunction has not been prospectively studied in a
systematic manner in NPC. Here, we explore the longitudinal progression
of dysphagia in NPC to better understand this morbidity and its
potential for use as an outcome measure in future therapeutic trials.

**Bio:** Andrew graduated from the University of San Diego with a BA in
Biochemistry in 2018. During college, he characterized the biophysical,
structural, and thermodynamic properties of bacterial biofilm component
extracellular DNA and novel nucleic-acid inhibitors of the
pro-inflammatory cytokine HMGB1. At the NIH, Andrew studies the natural
history of rare inborn errors of cholesterol metabolism and lysosomal
storage under the supervision of Dr. Forbes Porter. He is currently
interested in understanding the clinical progression of rare disorders
by developing sensitive models that detect subtle changes in
neurological status over an individual's disease course.

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
