---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Talking with your PI/Difficult Conversations
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 10
  day: 8
start: 1:00 PM
end: 2:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-10-01 17:53:32.000000000 Z
---
<div markdown="1">
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac, graduate student, and postdoc programs.  This session will be
held online via Zoom and the link will be distributed in NIH Trainee
Listserv announcements. If you need the link immediately please email
OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Holding productive conversations with  PIs (and other important
mentors) about careers, projects, papers, and personal needs can be
challenging.  Do you need to open a difficult dialog with your PI or
other mentor, but not sure where to start?  It could be that you've
decided to change your career path and don't know how to tell
your research mentors,  or that you want to negotiate about leave time,
the order of authors on a paper, or setting a defense date.  Whatever
the situation, we want to help you turn a potentially stressful
conversation into a positive interaction. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Kelly
Donahue.    Building your resiliency and self-care skills now will help
you to successfully navigate through periods of growth, and will serve
you well throughout your academic and career path.  Even if you can't
join us for the entire hour, we encourage you to still
attend. </span><span style="font-size: 10pt;"> </span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt;"> </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">    </span>
</div>

 

 

 

 
