---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: October 22, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 10
  day: 22
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-10-16 18:20:31.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

**ONLINE MEETING INFORMATION:**

The meeting information will be shared by email. If you have questions,
please contact <span style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida
Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;
font-size: 11.0104px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures:
normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing:
normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform:
none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px;
-webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: #ffffff;
text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; display:
inline !important; float: none;">Ryan Bertoli</span>
&lt;[ryan.bertoli@nih.gov](mailto:ryan.bertoli@nih.gov)&gt; and <span
style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans
Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif; font-size: 11.0104px;
font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps:
normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2;
text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space:
normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;
background-color: #ffffff; text-decoration-style: initial;
text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float:
none;">Madaleine Niznikiewicz</span>
&lt;[madaleine.niznikiewicz@nih.gov](mailto:madaleine.niznikiewicz@nih.gov)&gt;.

 

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

**Name:** Abby Fry (NCI)

<strong>Title: </strong>Development of a Pediatric Symptom Scale for
Chronic Graft versus Host Disease

<strong>Summary: </strong>Patient-Reported Outcome (PRO) measures have a
demonstrated importance in capturing symptom burden for cancer-related
complications including chronic Graft Versus Host Disease (cGVHD).
Cognitive interviewing is a well-established procedure to develop and
refine PRO instruments.  However, conducting interviews and developing
cancer-specific outcome measures is challenging in hard to access and
limited mobility populations, such as pediatric patients living with
cGVHD. In this project, cognitive interviewing procedures for pediatric
patients with cGVHD and their caregivers were adapted for remote
interviewing using digital technologies. The aim of this project is to
develop a validated pediatric measure of cGVHD symptom bother that can
enhance care delivery for pediatric transplant survivors.

**Bio:** Abby graduated from Davidson College in 2019 with a B.A. in
Public Health. As an undergrad, her thesis research was focused on
perspectives on reproductive health policy in southern Ghana. She joined
the Psychosocial Research group in the Pediatric Oncology Branch as a
Postbac in June 2019. Abby currently works with Dr. Lori Wiener and Dr.
Sandra Mitchell on a study to develop and test a pediatric symptom scale
for chronic graft-versus-host disease.

 ** **

**Name:** Lauren Reich (NEI)

**Title:** Control of Interferon-g Mediated Neuroinflammation

**Summary:** As SARS-CoV-2 disproportionately harms older populations,
it is crucial to understand how the immune system changes with age. The
pro-inflammatory cytokine interferon-gamma (IFN-g) plays a critical role
in intracellular pathogen defense and is systemically elevated in aging
and neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease. IFN-g is
secreted by both adaptive (CD4+/CD8+ T cells) and innate (NK and ILC1s)
lymphocytes, however, the former has been extensively studied in the
context of neurodegeneration. Although considered to be an
immune-privileged organ, the brain becomes more permeable to immune cell
infiltration with age, injury, or inflammation, potentially via the
immune-rich meninges that line the skull as a protective barrier. Our
lab aims to better understand how innate lymphocytes contribute to
neuroinflammation in aging.

**Bio:** Lauren graduated from the University of Delaware in 2019 with a
B.S. in Biological Sciences and minors in Biochemistry and Spanish. Her
undergraduate research focused on epigenetic changes in the brain due to
early-life adversity. In the summer of 2018, Lauren performed research
at Stanford University to generate a cell model of a rare form
immunodeficiency. She continues her immunity research at NEI in the
Neuro-Immune Regulome Unit with Dr. Han-Yu Shih focusing on age-related
neuroinflammation.

 

**Name:** Michelle S. Bloyd (NICHD)

**Title:** The PRKAR1B p.R115K Variant is Associated with Lipoprotein
Profile in Obese and Overweight African American Youth

**Summary:** Rates of childhood obesity and its comorbidities, including
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus, are of
major concern in the U.S. The PKA pathway is central in regulating
energy balance, glucose homeostasis, and lipid metabolism with evidence
suggesting dysregulation of the PKA system in metabolic disorders. With
457 youths from the PYOD cohort of Yale, we hypothesized association
between variants in PKA subunit genes and obesity or its comorbidities.
Exon sequencing for PKA subunit genes by the NICHD Molecular Genomics
Core and clinical tests by Yale uncovered the PRKAR1B p.R115K variant in
4 African American subjects which is associated with improved
circulating lipoprotein levels. FRET and PKA enzymatic assays showed
stronger interaction between R1β mutant and catalytic subunit Cα
compared to wildtypes and decreased basal PKA enzymatic activity. We
concluded this variant may favorably modulate lipoprotein profile in
African American youth.

**Bio:** Michelle Bloyd has worked in the NICHD Stratakis lab for two
years as a Student IRTA and now a Postbac IRTA. She graduated from the
University of Maryland, College Park this May with a B.S. in Physiology
and Neurobiology, and Anthropology. Her projects and interests span a
variety of fields from metabolism to reward behavior and
neuroendocrinology.

 

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
