---
title: Postdoc Discussion for Building Resilience - Job Search & Networking Stress
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 1
  day: 24
start: 10:15 AM
end: 11:15 AM
audience:
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-01-03 16:42:30.000000000 Z
---
Networking, career planning and job searches take an enormous amount of
time and energy, with many ups and downs throughout. While we frequently
talk about the nuts and bolts of networking skills, career exploration,
and the job search process, we don\'t usually talk about how stressful
and emotionally challenging the process can be.  A common element of
navigating the challenges of job searching is using resources, and
developing your stress management, and self-care skills.  Whether you
are just beginning to build your network or in the final negotiations
for a new job, it is always a good time to build resilience and
self-care skills that will help you successfully navigate through
periods of transition and change.

The resiliency group provides a welcoming and confidential space to
explore the ups and downs of the job search process in a positive and
proactive way to build resilience. We will not discuss resumes/CVs,
interviewing techniques, or the other mechanics of finding a job. Please
join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Annie
Scheiner. Even if you can't join us for the entire hour, we encourage
you to still attend.  We would rather you arrive late or leave early,
than not attend at all.

 

 

 
