---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: December 15, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 12
  day: 15
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-12-01 03:01:22.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

**ONLINE MEETING INFORMATION:**

The meeting information will be shared by email. If you have questions,
please contact <span style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida
Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;
font-size: 11.0104px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures:
normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing:
normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform:
none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px;
-webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: #ffffff;
text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; display:
inline !important; float: none;">Ryan Bertoli</span>
&lt;[ryan.bertoli@nih.gov](mailto:ryan.bertoli@nih.gov)&gt; and <span
style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans
Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif; font-size: 11.0104px;
font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps:
normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2;
text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space:
normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;
background-color: #ffffff; text-decoration-style: initial;
text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float:
none;">Madaleine Niznikiewicz</span>
&lt;[madaleine.niznikiewicz@nih.gov](mailto:madaleine.niznikiewicz@nih.gov)&gt;.

 

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

**Name:** Jacquelyn Spathies (NIBIB)

<strong>Title: </strong>Standardization of enzyme-linked immunosorbent
assays for Serosurvey of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic using clinical and
at-home blood sampling

<strong>Summary: </strong>The large diversity of symptoms associated
with SARS-CoV-2 infection and disease severity ranging from asymptomatic
to lethal, makes tracking the spread of the virus very difficult. One
method of evaluating the spread of a virus is through serosurveys -- a
measurement of the prevalence of serum antibodies against viral proteins
in the blood of donors. To better understand the rate of undiagnosed
cases in the United States, we developed a semiautomatic enzyme-linked
immunosorbent assay (ELISA) serosurvey protocol. We are using this
protocol to test large sample size of healthy volunteers from across the
United States, that have never been diagnosed with COVID-19, to
determine the rate of undiagnosed infections.

**Bio:** Jacquelyn graduated from Eastern Illinois University in 2019
with a BS in biology. Her previous research includes the study of
neurotrophic compounds used to prevent the onset of dementia-related
illnesses such as Alzheimer's disease. Currently, she works in Heather
Kalish's lab, an immunochemistry lab that is a core facility within
NIBIB. Analytical techniques being trained in include mass spectrometry,
ICP, cell culture, and ELISA. She has also worked on a SARS-CoV-2
serosurvey project in Kaitlyn Sadtler's lab. She will be applying to
graduate school to pursue a PhD in the fall of 2021 with an interest in
microbiology.

** **

<strong>Name: </strong>Payton Fors (NIMH)

**Title:** Predictive Abilities of Pre-Pandemic Mood on Peri-Pandemic
Mood in Adolescents

**Summary:** Existing COVID-19 pandemic literature lacks an in-depth
characterization of adolescent psychopathology and pandemic-related
psychopathology outcomes. As such, this study explores if and how
pre-pandemic depression and anxiety symptoms and the diagnostic status
of U.S. adolescents predict peri-pandemic symptoms. It also explores if
greater proximity to COVID-19 illness associates with concurrent
depressive and anxiety symptoms. Depressive symptoms are measured with
the Moods and Feelings questionnaire; anxiety symptoms with the Screen
for Child Anxiety and Related Disorders short questionnaire; and
COVID-19 proximity with the CoRonavIruS Impact Survey. We hypothesize
that greater pre-pandemic depression and anxiety symptoms will predict
greater increases in depressive and anxiety symptoms peri-pandemic
and that closer proximity to COVID-19 illness will associate with
greater depressive and anxiety symptoms.

**Bio:** Payton Fors is an IRTA fellow with the Section of Clinical and
Computational Psychiatry which focuses on the characterization of
adolescent depression and analysis of depression treatment outcomes.
Payton graduated from Washington University with a B.A. in
Cognitive Neuroscience. She completed her thesis on adolescent
cognition, functional connectivity, and electronic media use under Dr.
Deanna Barch. Her research interests include adolescent psychopathology,
electronic media, memory, and hormonal effects on mood. Outside
of research, she enjoys running, reading, and visiting art museums.

 

**Name:** Kamiya Bridges (NIEHS)

**Research Title:** The Potential Role of Runx1 in Ovarian Pathologies

**Research Summary:** Ovarian cancer causes more deaths than any other
gynecologic cancer. There is still much to be discovered about the cause
of this disease as well as the molecular mechanisms involved in its
development. Our lab studies how changes in the expression of the gene
RUNX1 may lead to the development of ovarian cancer. We'd like to
explore the molecular pathways that are affected by the misexpression of
this gene. Understanding how certain genes play a role in diseases like
cancer could help overcome the challenges of early detection and may
also help improve survival.

**Bio:** Kamiya graduated from the illustrious Winston-Salem State
University in May 2020 with a B.S in Biology and a double minor in
Chemistry and Public Health. Her undergraduate research focused on
bio-engineering ovarian follicles that are capable of secreting sex
hormones and responding to gonadotropins. Kamiya is passionate about
women's health, reproductive rights, and research regarding disorders of
the female reproductive tract. She plans to attend medical school to
become an obstetrician-gynecologist.

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
