---
title: 'Summer Lecture Series I: The Connective Tissue Connection (June 23, 2020)'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 6
  day: 23
start: 11:00 AM
end: 12:00 PM
audience:
- Summer Interns
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Science
updated_at: 2020-06-22 18:22:40.000000000 Z
---
<!--StartFragment-->

<span style="color: #262626;"><span style="font-size: 100%;">First in
the series of lectures specifically arranged for trainees in the NIH
Summer Internship Program.</span></span>
{: .MsoNormal}

<span style="color: #262626;"><span style="font-size: 100%;">**Event
Link: **[https://nih.webex.com/nih/onstage/g.php?MTID=e555b045c460dcf580c440da7e0707e97][1]{:
#attendeeURL style="color: #0096d6;"}   
</span></span>
{: .MsoNormal}

<strong>Title: </strong>The Connective Tissue Connection

**Biography:**  Helene Langevin, M.D., was sworn in as director of the
National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH) on
November 26, 2018. Prior to her arrival, she worked at the Osher Center
for Integrative Medicine, jointly based at Brigham and Women\'s Hospital
and Harvard Medical School, Boston. Dr. Langevin served as director of
the Osher Center and professor-in-residence of medicine at Harvard
Medical School since 2012. She has also served as a visiting professor
of neurological sciences at the University of Vermont Larner College of
Medicine, Burlington.

As the principal investigator of several NIH-funded studies, Dr.
Langevin's research interests have centered around the role of
connective tissue in chronic musculoskeletal pain and the mechanisms of
acupuncture, manual, and movement-based therapies. Her more recent work
has focused on the effects of stretching on inflammation resolution
mechanisms within connective tissue. She has authored more than 70
original scientific papers and is a fellow of the American College
of Physicians.

Dr. Langevin received an M.D. degree from McGill University, Montreal.
She completed a postdoctoral research fellowship in neurochemistry at
the MRC Neurochemical Pharmacology Unit in Cambridge, England, and a
residency in internal medicine and fellowship in endocrinology and
metabolism at The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.

As NCCIH director, Dr. Langevin will oversee the Federal government's
lead agency for scientific research on the diverse medical and health
care systems, practices, and products that are not generally considered
part of conventional medicine. With an annual budget of approximately
$142 million, NCCIH funds and conducts research to help answer important
scientific and public health questions about natural products, mind and
body practices, and pain management. The center also coordinates and
collaborates with other research institutes and Federal programs on
research into complementary and integrative health.

For more information about the speaker, please visit this website:
https://www.nccih.nih.gov/about/staff/helene-langevin

 



[1]: https://nih.webex.com/nih/onstage/g.php?MTID=e555b045c460dcf580c440da7e0707e97
