---
title: 'Postbac Seminar Series: March 12, 2020'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 3
  day: 12
start: 12:30 PM
end: 1:30 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Science Skills
- Speaking
updated_at: 2020-03-06 20:55:31.000000000 Z
---
Science isn\'t complete until the results have been shared with others,
and talking about your results is one of the important ways of making
them public. The Postbac Seminar Series provides a unique opportunity
for two Postbacs each month to present their research to a diverse
audience of their peers.  The atmosphere is relatively informal and
non-threatening.  The series allows Postbacs who attend to learn about
the different types of biomedical research being conducted at the NIH
while meeting other postbacs.  [Read more][1] about the seminar series.

This month\'s presenters are:
{: .h3}

**Name:** Blynn L. Shideler

**IC:** CC

**Research Title:** A hybrid pediatric robotic exoskeleton (P.Rex) for
children with Cerebral Palsy

<strong>Research Summary: </strong>Neuromuscular Electrical Stimulation
(NMES) has been utilized for many years in cerebral palsy (CP) with
limited success despite its inherent potential for improving muscle size
and/or strength, inhibiting or reducing spasticity, and enhancing motor
performance during functional activities such as gait. We are designing
and evaluating a digitally-controlled NMES system as a component of a
pediatric robotic exoskeleton to provide on-demand stimulation to leg
muscles within specific phases of the gait cycle for those with CP and
other neurological disorders who still have lower limb sensation and
volitional control.  System performance was clinically investigated
during overground walking in a 15-year-old male with bilateral spastic
CP, GMFCS Level III.  Walking results show NMES to the vastus lateralis
and rectus femoris during stance immediately improved mean peak knee
extension during mid-stance by 2.9˚ in the more effected leg
(p&lt;0.003\*). Precisely timed delivery of electrical stimulation to
the quadriceps during stance is a promising treatment for crouch. Our
ultimate goal is to synchronize NMES with robotic knee extension
assistance to create a hybrid NMES-exoskeleton device for gait
rehabilitation in children with flexed knee gait from CP as well as from
other pediatric disorders.

<strong>Bio: </strong>Blynn graduated magna cum laude from Columbia
University with a B.S. in biomedical engineering and summa cum laude
from Washington &amp; Jefferson College with a B.A. in physics and
French.  His research interests are in rehabilitation and medical
robotics.  Blynn is the lead inventor of several assistive technologies
for children with motor disabilities.  In the Fall, Blynn will begin the
M.D. program at Stanford University and hopes to pursue a career in
Pediatric Rehabilitation.  Outside of the NIH, Blynn also volunteers as
the Varsity Wrestling Coach at Rockville High School.

 

**Name:** Brandon Liu

**IC:** NCI

**Research Title:** The biological and conformational role of serine vs.
threonine in O--glycosylation

**Research Summary:** Carbohydrates on glycoproteins participate in cell
and protein recognition by carbohydrate-binding proteins, such as
antibodies and lectins. O--linked carbohydrates are typically found on
the hydroxyl moieties of serine and threonine. Though serine and
threonine differ only by a β--methyl group, this can lead to significant
differences in carbohydrate conformation and flexibility. We hypothesize
that the choice of serine vs. threonine O--glycosylation plays an
important biological role in interactions with carbohydrate-binding
proteins. We aim to study this by preparing model glycopeptides based on
the antiproliferative factor and studying affinity to cell lysate
proteins and lectins. We also aim to prepare unnatural glycoamino acids
to access conformational flexibility beyond those naturally available.
Progress will further elucidate the biological role of serine vs.
threonine O--glycosylation as well as develop a synthetic methodology
for the chemical glycosylation of unnatural amino acids.

**Bio:** Brandon graduated from California State University, Los Angeles
in 2019 with a B.S. in Biochemistry. He completed his undergraduate
thesis under Dr. Yangyang Liu and Dr. Matthias Selke, studying the
photooxidative properties of porphyrinic metal-organic frameworks. He is
currently in the Glycoconjugate and NMR Section of the NCI--CCR Chemical
Biology Laboratory under Dr. Joseph Barchi.

 

**Name**: Arman Niknafs

**IC:** NHLBI

**Research Title:** Nitric oxide potentiates drug susceptibility of
non-tuberculosis mycobacteria

**Research Summary:** Non-tuberculosis mycobacteria are opportunistic
bacterial pathogens that cause chronic, treatment-refractory lung
infections in patients with pulmonary diseases including, but not
limited to Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, and Primary Ciliary
Dyskinesia. The challenge eradication NTM infections is largely due to
inherent drug resistance mechanisms, associated drug toxicity for hosts,
and frequent infection recurrence resulting in prolonged or chronic
disease.  Discovering novel, viable treatments for pulmonary NTM
infections relies upon synergistically combining multiple compounds that
target different bacterial defense pathways. My research project focuses
on utilizing gaseous Nitric Oxide (NO) as a means to increase
Mycobacterium abscessus drug susceptibility to front line anti-NTM
drugs.

**Bio:** Arman Niknafs is an IRTA Research Fellow at the Laboratory of
Chronic Airway Infection in NHLBI. He graduated in 2019 from Oglethorpe
University in Atlanta, Georgia with a Bachelor of Science in Biology and
a concentration in Public Health. In Atlanta, Arman conducted research
on regulatory proteins implicated in ciliary motility in Chlamydomonas
reinhardtii, studied RNAi and germ line reprogramming in C. elegans, and
supported Parasitic Disease surveillance at the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention on tickborne and foodborne pathogens.

 



[1]: https://www.training.nih.gov/postbac_seminar_series
