---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Managing Academic Stressors
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 12
  day: 11
start: 1:00 PM
end: 2:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
topic:
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-11-18 18:58:33.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac program.  This session will be held online via Zoom and the link
will be distributed in NIH Trainee Listserv announcements. If you need
the link immediately please email OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">So many of our postbacs are currently worried about MCATs, GREs,
and other standardized tests coupled with applications and interviews.
The pandemic has brought many changes to the current testing and
application season.  Not only are these changes beyond our control, but
the uncertainty of how they will impact our carefully made plans for
applying to graduate or professional school and ultimately reaching our
career goals can be stressful. This groups allows trainees to
discuss with each other how to build their resilience and self-care
skills so that they can cope effectively during this stressful time
and in the future.  </span>

<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Erin
Gates The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential space
to explore positive and proactive ways to build resilience and self-care
skills.</span>
