---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Navigating NIH as an International Trainee
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 1
  day: 14
start: 1:45 PM
end: 2:45 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-01-03 16:38:40.000000000 Z
---
International and multicultural trainees are a great asset to our
research.  We also realize that our international fellows face a unique
set of issues and stresses.  Being far from family and home, lacking a
local community, and learning a new culture can be difficult and lonely.
 Navigating the visa process can be frustrating and worrisome.  And
watching world events unfold and not knowing what the future will hold
can be scary.  You are not alone in dealing with these issues, other NIH
international fellows are having the same experiences. 

Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor, Annie
Scheiner.  The discussion group provides a welcoming and confidential
space to explore positive and proactive methods to build resilience,
mentoring and self-care skills.  Even if you can't join us for the
entire hour, we encourage you to still attend.  We would rather you come
late or leave early, than not come at all.

 

<!--  /* Font Definitions */  @font-face 	{font-family:"Cambria Math";
	panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0;
	mso-generic-font-family:roman; 	mso-font-pitch:variable;
	mso-font-signature:-536870145 1107305727 0 0 415 0;} @font-face
	{font-family:Calibri; 	panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;
	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-536859905 -1073732485 9 0
511 0;} @font-face 	{font-family:"Lucida Grande"; 	panose-1:2 11 6 0 4 5
2 2 2 4; 	mso-font-charset:0; 	mso-generic-font-family:swiss;
	mso-font-pitch:variable; 	mso-font-signature:-520090897 1342218751 0 0
447 0;}  /* Style Definitions */  p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal,
div.MsoNormal 	{mso-style-unhide:no; 	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:""; 	margin:0in; 	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan; 	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} .MsoChpDefault
	{mso-style-type:export-only; 	mso-default-props:yes;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; 	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; 	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New
Roman"; 	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} @page WordSection1
	{size:8.5in 11.0in; 	margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in;
	mso-header-margin:.5in; 	mso-footer-margin:.5in; 	mso-paper-source:0;}
div.WordSection1 	{page:WordSection1;} -->
