---
title: 'Becoming a Resilient Scientist Series: V. Building Mentor Networks'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 8
  day: 12
start: 2:00 PM
end: 3:30 PM
audience:
- Summer Interns
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
- NIH Staff Scientist/Staff Clinician
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-06-09 00:05:28.000000000 Z
---
Event Link:
[https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/4058140595260555536][1]

We all need mentors to support and encourage us throughout our
educational and career journey. In this webinar, we will the mentoring
relationship in research environments with a focus on finding mentors
and on improving communication and interpersonal interactions. The
webinar will help clarify what you need from your supervisors and
mentors and address how to get what you need from these important
interactions.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

## Becoming a Resilient Scientist Series (9 weeks)

Navigating school, the career exploration process, research
environments, and the stress of national/international news can seem
overwhelming and lead us to doubt ourselves just when we need confidence
the most. Through workshops and group discussions in this series, we
will work to identify attitudes and behaviors that can help us be more
resilient as we navigate difficult situations in school, work and life.
Each workshop will highlight emotional intelligence competencies needed
for success in research and healthcare careers and will provide
strategies for developing these competencies as part of your educational
journey. While you may participate in any of webinars, it is best to
participate in the entire series as the material relates and concepts
will be developed throughout the series. The five workshops and four
group discussions in the series are:

<span style="color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans
Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif; font-size: 11.5052px;
font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps:
normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2;
text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space:
normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;
background-color: #ffffff; text-decoration-style: initial;
text-decoration-color: initial; display: inline !important; float:
none;">Week 1 -- 6/9/2020: I. An Introduction to Resilience and
WellnessÂ </span>**(NOTE: THIS SESSION HAS BEEN MOVED TO A TUESDAY!)**{:
style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px; border: 0px; outline: 0px; font-size:
11.5052px; vertical-align: baseline; background: #ffffff; font-weight:
bold; color: #333333; font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans
Unicode', Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif; font-style: normal;
font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal;
letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px;
text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px;
-webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial;
text-decoration-color: initial;"}

Week 2 -- 6/17/2020: Group Discussion 1

Week 3 -- 6/24/2020: II. Exploring our Self-Talk: Cognitive Distortions
and Imposter Fears

Week 4 -- 7/1/2020: Group Discussion 2

Week 5 -- 7/8/2020: III. Self-Advocacy and Assertiveness

Week 6 -- 7/15/2020: Group Discussion 3

Week 7 -- 7/22/2020: IV. Feedback Resilience

Week 8 -- 7/29/2020: Group Discussion 4

Week 9 -- 8/12/2020: V. Building Mentor Networks



[1]: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/4058140595260555536
