---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Dealing with Loneliness and Isolation
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 5
  day: 11
start: 3:00 PM
end: 4:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Personal Development
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-05-07 23:34:30.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees. Link will be
distributed via NIH Trainee Listservs. If you need the link immediately
please email maria.gutierrez2@nih.gov</span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">Staying connected with others and fighting loneliness
during times of social distancing and stay-at-home orders can be
challenging. Confinement to our homes, especially when we are with
others we don't know well or cannot be with those we feel safest and
most comfortable with, places an additional strain on our lives. As the
days and weeks of mandates to distance from others pass, reaching out to
others and finding ways to stay connected can help reduce loneliness and
feelings of isolation. Join us for a discussion on managing feelings of
loneliness during this difficult and challenging time.  This session is
open to trainees of all levels.  </span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE staff member,
Denise Saunders, PhD. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.</span>
