---
title: Discussion for Building Resilience - Alone for the Holidays
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 11
  day: 20
start: 11:15 AM
end: 12:15 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Wellness
updated_at: 2020-11-13 20:27:59.000000000 Z
---
<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size:
10pt;">This event is only for NIH Intramural Trainees currently in our
postbac program.  This session will be held online via Zoom and the link
will be distributed in NIH Trainee Listserv announcements. If you need
the link immediately please email OITE@nih.gov. </span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">Current events may have left you feeling physically,
emotionally, or spiritually isolated from your families, friends, and
communities as you prepare for the autumn and winter holidays.  Maybe
your plans to celebrate with loved ones have been cancelled, you are
currently residing far away from those you care about, or your places of
worship have been closed.  It is quite common to experience changes in
mood and feelings of loss when you are removed from your community and
traditions during holidays. You may be finding it hard to rectify
feelings of sadness and the desire for joy during this time of
celebration.  Join us as we discuss the challenges of experiencing
holidays alone and explore how we can take care of ourselves and each
other during this time. </span>

<span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: arial, helvetica,
sans-serif;">Please join us for a discussion with OITE Wellness Advisor,
Laurie Chaikind McNulty. The discussion group provides a welcoming and
confidential space to explore positive and proactive ways to build
resilience and self-care skills.</span>
