---
title: 'NIH SACNAS (Society for the Advancement of Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans
  in Science) Chapter Virtual Lunch: Hispanic Heritage Career Panel'
date:
  year: 2020
  month: 9
  day: 17
start: 12:00 PM
end: 1:00 PM
audience:
- Postbacs
- Graduate Students
- Postdocs/Fellows
topic:
- Networking Opportunities
updated_at: 2020-09-17 16:18:41.000000000 Z
---
The NIH-SACNAS Chapter (Society for the Advancement of
Chicanos/Hispanics and Native Americans in Science) would like to invite
you to their weekly virtual lunch on Thursdays. 

Please join us this Thursday September 17th, 2020 to celebrate Hispanic
Heritage Month where NIH-SACNAS Chapter will host a panel highlighting
the significant contributions of Hispanic/Latinx scientist. We have the
pleasure to be joined by Drs. Hugo Tejeda and Eric Johnson who will
discuss their career trajectory, their research interests, and how their
cultural upbringings influenced their lives and careers. We look forward
to having an engaging discussion with our panelists and learning about
different career paths in science.

Speakers:  
Hugo-Tejeda, PhD is a Stadman Principal Investgator at the National
Institute of Mental Health (NIHM) at NIH.

Valeria Martinez-Kaigi, PhD. Health psychologist at the Yale Stress
Center and Department of Psychiatry and at Yale School of Medicine.

Eric Johnson, PhD is the Program Director of the Intramural Continuing
Umbrella of Research Experiences (iCURE) at the National Cancer
Institute (NCI) at NIH. 

 Everyone is welcome! 

This will be online only. Registrants will receive meeting information
prior to the event.

For any questions, please contact Dr. Natasha Lugo-Escobar at
lugoescobarn@mail.nih.gov.  

<span style="font-size: 8pt;">Who are we?: We are a professional SACNAS
chapter that provides a supportive and welcoming environment for
Hispanics/Chicanos and Native Americans trainees and staff at the NIH to
get together, exchange ideas, network, share successes, and strategize
about future goals. Our chapter holds monthly meetings focus on
scientific communication, networking, outreach, and career development
to provide our members with resources and tools to improve and
advance their careers. We are part of the National SACNAS organization
(Society for the Advancement of Hispanics/Chicanos and Native Americans
in Science). We welcome everyone to be part of our events.  If you are
interested in joining the chapter, please sign-up to our list-serv
(NIH-SACNAS). </span>

 

 

 
